[OSDOCS-20987]: Document Agent-based Installer rendezvous host port 8090/TCP (#116975)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/agent-install-load-balancing-none.adoc

|===
+
[IMPORTANT]
====

> In addition to the Machine Config Server ports used during installation, such as `22623` and `22624`, Agent-based installations require TCP port `8090` between all hosts and the rendezvous host so that hosts can reach the Assisted Service API. Port `8090` is not load balanced and is required only during discovery and bootstrap. For more information, see "Port requirements for the rendezvous host".

Reviewer: Nit - we don't really say "Agent-based installations", only the "Agent-based Installer". Suggesting an edit here:

```suggestion
In addition to the Machine Config Server ports used during installation, such as `22623` and `22624`, the Agent-based Installer requires TCP port `8090` between all hosts and the rendezvous host so that hosts can reach the Assisted Service API. Port `8090` is not load balanced and is required only during discovery and bootstrap. For more information, see "Port requirements for the rendezvous host".
```

Reviewer: Otherwise I am not familiar enough to know whether this note is either technically accurate, or appropriate to mention in the load balancing section. I will leave that to an SME to assess.

> In addition to the Machine Config Server ports used during installation, such as `22623` and `22624`, the Agent-based Installer requires TCP port `8090` between all hosts and the rendezvous host so that hosts can reach the Assisted Service API. Port `8090` is not load balanced and is required only during discovery and bootstrap. For more information, see "Port requirements for the rendezvous host".

Reviewer 2: I would remove the mention to MCS here, as potentially confusing, as well as the load-balancing one, ie: 

```
The Agent-based Installer requires TCP port 8090 to be open between all hosts and the rendezvous host so that the hosts can access the Assisted Service API. Port 8090 is required only during the discovery and bootstrap phases. For more information, see “Port requirements for the rendezvous host.”
```
